[IMP] core: README update (#143761)
odoo/odoo: README.md

[eCommerce](https://www.odoo.com/app/ecommerce),
[Warehouse Management](https://www.odoo.com/app/inventory),
[Project Management](https://www.odoo.com/app/project),
[Billing &amp; Accounting](https://www.odoo.com/app/accounting),
[Point of Sale](https://www.odoo.com/app/point-of-sale-shop),
[Human Resources](https://www.odoo.com/app/employees),
[Marketing](https://www.odoo.com/app/social-marketing),
[Manufacturing](https://www.odoo.com/app/manufacturing),
[...](https://www.odoo.com/)

Odoo Apps can be used as stand-alone applications, but they also integrate seamlessly so you get
a full-featured [Open Source ERP](https://www.odoo.com) when you install several Apps.

## Getting started with Odoo

For a standard installation please follow the [Setup instructions](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/administration/install/install.html)
from the documentation.

To learn the software, we recommend the [Odoo eLearning](https://www.odoo.com/slides),
or [Scale-up, the business game](https://www.odoo.com/page/scale-up-business-game).
Developers can start with [the developer tutorials](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/developer/howtos.html).

> ## Security problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security
```

> Report suspected security issues through our [dedicated channel](https://www.odoo.com/security-report)
> and not publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe have found a security issue, check our [Responsible Disclosure page](https://www.odoo.com/security-report) for details and get in touch with us via email.
```
maybe?
